hi welcome to the bread kitchen one of
my viewers asked me for a recipe for
gluten-free hot cross buns
well East is coming and I think you'll
be surprised at just how easy they are
to make to 500 grams of lukewarm water
add 50 grams of sugar and one and a half
teaspoons of dried yeast as well then
leave for 10 minutes for the nice to get
going
in this bowl I've got 450 grams of a
gluten-free flour it's my own mixture
made from sorghum millet rice and potato
flowers if you want to know how to make
your own gluten-free flour simply follow
the link under this video or visit my
website the bread kitchen calm I'll add
in a teaspoon of salt then 1/2 teaspoons
of mixed spice or pumpkin spice or
anything with cinnamon and nutmeg 2
teaspoons of xanthan gum or you could
use a couple of tablespoons of very
finely ground psyllium husk and 115
grams of salt ana's raisins we'll mix
this all together now attain your frothy
yeast water sugar mix together with
three tablespoons of vegetable oil and a
beaten egg and mix really well make sure
that it's really well mixed
don't leave drive like a normal gluten
containing bread dough they're quite
sloppy it's like thick clean
now when you've given it a good mix just
to move it for a minute now here I've
got a baking tray lined with baking
paper and I'm gonna put on a 12 blocks
of dough then when you've got your blobs
use a spoon or a spatula to try and
shape them the best you can it's quite
difficult because the dough is very
sticky well I think that's about the
best I can do
I'm they're gonna pop these in a large
plastic bag I put them in a warm place
so they've been least thank you it's job
these have been rising for better an
hour and a half and then they're ready
to bake so I'll bake them at 180 fan
oven 200 normal of them for about 20
minutes now when they come out of the
oven and they're still nice and hot
brush them with a glaze made from two
tablespoons of sugar and two tablespoons
of water then leave to cool now once the
buns of cooled we can put the crosses on
now I'm gonna put sugar crosses on mine
so I've made a paste from 100 grams of
icing sugar and a tablespoon of water
and I'm just piping all the way across
well then across the other way and I'll
leave the pace to set so he's one of the
buns that's cut into it and see what
it's like he's soft well that doesn't
look too bad at all now does it
these buns are really soft and delicious
and even herby said I can't tell the
difference between this and a regular
hot crust but high praise indeed
I'm very enjoy making your gluten-free
hot cross buns and do join me next time
in the Brooklyn